Add multiple match in MATCH clause (#943)
memgraph/docs: cypher-manual/clauses/match.md

+----------------------------------------+
```

## 4. Using multiple `MATCH` clauses

### 4.1. Cartesian product of nodes

> To match each person from your dataset with each of the countries in Europe, you can use multiple `MATCH` clauses as following: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a Cartesian product match the nodes in two separate `MATCH` queries. For example, the following query will match each person from the dataset with each European country from the dataset: 
```

Reviewer: I was missing some kind of general explanation before the example

```cypher
MATCH (p:Person)
MATCH (c:Country {continent: "Europe"})
RETURN p.name,c.name;
```

Output: 
```nocopy 
+------------------+------------------+
| p.name           | c.name           |
+------------------+------------------+
| "John"           | "Germany"        |
| "Harry"          | "Germany"        |
| "Anna"           | "Germany"        |
| "John"           | "France"         |
| "Harry"          | "France"         |
| "Anna"           | "France"         |
| "John"           | "United Kingdom" |
| "Harry"          | "United Kingdom" |
| "Anna"           | "United Kingdom" |
+------------------+------------------+
```

> The query returns cartesian product of matched nodes. The output of the first `MATCH` clause is matched with each output of the second `MATCH` clause. In our case, each person from our dataset is matched with each country in *Europe*. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The query returns the Cartesian product of matched nodes. The output of the first `MATCH` clause is matched with each output of the second `MATCH` clause. In this case, each person from the dataset is matched with each European country. 
```

Reviewer: Avoiding we/us/our/your and similar

### 4.2. Creating a list

If you want to create a list containing the results of different `MATCH` queries, you can achieve that with multiple `MATCH` clauses in one query:

```cypher
MATCH (p:Person)
WITH COLLECT(p.name) as people
MATCH (c:Country {continent: "Europe"})
WITH people + COLLECT(c.name) as names
RETURN names;
```

Output:
```nocopy
+------------------------------------------------------------------+
| names                                                            |
+------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ["John", "Harry", "Anna", "Germany", "France", "United Kingdom"] |
+------------------------------------------------------------------+
```

> The query returns a list of names of all people from our dataset concatenated with the names of all of the countries in Europe. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The query returns a list of names of all people from the dataset concatenated with the names of all European countries. 
```

:::caution

If any of the sets `MATCH` clause returns is empty, the whole output will be an empty list.

:::

> If you run the similar query again:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following query will return an empty list:
```

```cypher
MATCH (p:Person)
WITH COLLECT(p.name) as people
MATCH (c:Country {continent: "Asia"})
WITH people + COLLECT(c.name) as names
RETURN names;
```

Output:

```nocopy
+-------+
| names |
+-------+
| Null  |
+-------+
```

> Since we don't have any node labeled Country with a property continent named *Asia*, the second `MATCH` clause returns an empty dataset and therefore the output is also an empty list. To avoid that, use `OPTIONAL MATCH` clause.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the dataset doesn't contain any nodes labeled as `Country` with a property `continent` with the value `Asia`, the second `MATCH` clause returns an empty dataset and therefore the output is also an empty list. To avoid getting an empty list as an output, use `OPTIONAL MATCH` clause.
```

Reviewer: link to optional match clause?

### 4.3. Using the `OPTIONAL MATCH` clause

> If we run the same query as before, only using the `OPTIONAL MATCH` clause: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To avoid getting an empty list as an output, due to any of the `MATCH` clauses returning an empty set,  use the `OPTIONAL MATCH` clause: 
```

```cypher
MATCH (p:Person)
WITH COLLECT(p.name) as people
OPTIONAL MATCH (c:Country {continent: "Asia"})
WITH people + COLLECT(c.name) as names
RETURN names;
```

Output:

```nocopy
+---------------------------+
| names                     |
+---------------------------+
| ["John", "Harry", "Anna"] |
+---------------------------+
```

> The output is a list containing only the results of the first `MATCH` clause. When using the `OPTIONAL MATCH` clause, an empty set is optional and only the results of the first `MATCH` clause will be used.  

Reviewer: The output is a list containing only the results of the first `MATCH` clause, because....

(the second sentence is a bit confusing... be more concrete... for example: "..., because the dataset doesn't contain any nodes labeled as `Country` with a property `continent` with the value `Asia` the OPTIONAL MATCH ignores it and returns only non-empty sets. "

Or something like that, maybe "ignore" is not the best word

The point is that each of the chapters need to be independent... so each chapter needs to contain the whole knowledge and all the info that everything is clear by reading just that one chapter 

You can avoid repetition by merging 4.2 and 4.3

+-------+
```

Since the dataset doesn't contain any nodes labeled as `Country` with a property `continent` with the value `Asia`, the second `MATCH` clause returns an empty dataset and therefore the output is also an empty list. To avoid getting an empty list as an output, use `OPTIONAL MATCH` clause.

### 4.3. Using the `OPTIONAL MATCH` clause

> To avoid getting an empty list as an output, due to any of the `MATCH` clauses returning an empty set,  use the `OPTIONAL MATCH` clause: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To avoid getting an empty list as an output, due to any of the `MATCH` clauses returning an empty set, use the `OPTIONAL MATCH` clause: 
```
